hi this is John Jackson I'm with
instinct archery and we're here at the
ath show in Louisville Kentucky 2013
we've got some really exciting products
to share with people this year we
actually have quite a few but i think
our most exciting product is what we
call our safe archery arrow this arrow
features a patent pending soon to be
patented foam tipped arrow very safe
very soft and this gives the gifts
people the opportunity to shoot archery
virtually anywhere and the you know when
you think about it you know kids out in
the backyard they're shooting archery
they're losing arrows because they
burrow in the grass or little Billy's
out in the backyard and dad's worried
about his new Ford f-150 in the drive
you know getting a hole in it because a
little billy let's one fly and in fact I
got a friend of mine who got shot in the
back of the leg by his kids because he
was going and pulling arrows out of the
target and his kids obviously didn't
wait and shot him in the back of the leg
so this is a very safe way to experience
archery not only outside but also inside
as well we've gone and done several
events we've done events with with movie
theaters when the Hunger Games came out
we set up a couple of targets like you
see back here with the holes in it we
actually set these up in the movie
theater inside the lobby we had lines of
kids shooting for about six hours while
they waited for the for the movie to
start @midnight so it's just been a
really neat thing we also manufacture
bows that are very lightweight they're
very durable they feature a dual show so
you've got a you know right-handed
left-handed it doesn't matter Arbos
feature a no glove on here so that it's
very easy for any Archer
to shoot that bow just with a split
finger on there they don't need a glove
or any fancy equipment they just pull
back and they shoot we also have we
invented a game called archery tag about
a year and a half ago that is literally
taking off worldwide and it's like
dodgeball / paintball with bows and
arrows and you know not everybody's into
shooting each other with bows and arrows
but it's done in a controlled manner
kind of like when paintball first came
out you have paintball fields well we
have archery tag affiliates and these
affiliates they host events they do
fairs festivals parties team building
the the opportunities are endless for
where they would play archery tag and
it's just a really neat thing to see
people that have never picked up a bow
before they go out there and in minutes
they're slinging arrows and we've
actually seen a number of people that
have taken up archery as a result of
getting out picking up a bow going out
and doing something fun I mean we're
putting the fun back into archery and so
our mission really especially with the
safe archery is bringing more people
into the sport of archery not
everybody's into bow hunting not
everybody I've my son doesn't want to
hunt but he shoots archery so it's just
been really really exciting to see the
number of people that get into doing
that we also make a bow for we've had an
opportunity to get our bows into Disney
and this is a bow that we made we've
this bow actually sorry here this bow
actually was a bow that we took to
Hollywood to the world premiere of brave
and we had several celebrities that were
shooting it again it was a neat neat
opportunity to work with disney studios
and to offer an archery experience for
the celebrities after the movie first
time ever so it's just been really neat
to see the things that we've done i also
want to direct your attention over to
couple of other things that we're also
doing here new at the show we have a
wonderful new archery site which is
really good for Joe ad or youth or even
just anybody shooting traditional it's
very easy it's got a ball tent in there
and then you can tighten that down so
just it's a very cost-effective way to
get somebody using a pen site we also
have come out this year with what we
call our arrow hook which is a drop in
rest it's a capture rest and it works
very well it's really good for bow
fishing but again it's a containment
rest of again it's a very affordable
solution for your bow hunting needs and
then the other thing I'd like to show is
our newest broadhead this is a broadhead
that we're just getting ready to go into
production on we call it the stealth cut
now this this broad it doesn't look like
it but that's actually 145 grain
broadhead and it spins and it turns as
it cuts it flies like a field point cuts
like a corkscrew that's kind of our
phrase that we've point
so all of our products are available
online you can go to instinct archery
calm also archery tag calm and safe
archery calm thank